we break into programming to take you
live to the UN to listen to the Qatari
Ambassador Alia Alani speaking to the UN
Security Council let's listen in has
stopped in Gaza in relation to this
development Kar trates it codes to All
parties to deescalate and exercise
maximum restraints and calls on the
International Community to move
immediately to diffuse attention and
prevent the region from spiraling into
violence the situation in Gaza is an
unprecedented humanitarian crisis and
katari trates its condemnation of all
forms of targeting of civilians and
civilian objects and all practices by
the Israel occupying authorities um in
relation to the collective punishment
policies deprivation of food medicine
and basic Services Qatar reject any
military operation by the occupation
authorities in RAF such such a situation
requires a full respect of international
law including International humanitarian
and human rights law it requires that
all measures should be taken to put an
end to the humanitarian crisis and to
prevent the famine this requires the
delivery of the humanitarian Aid at
scale with immediately and in a safe
unfed manner the humanitarian actors
proved that the only way to achieve this
is an immediate seize fire we welcome
once again Security Council resolution
2728 calling for ceasefire inas that
leads to sustainable ceasefire the this
has been the pursuit of the Diplomatic
efforts of Qatar we reiterate that the
resolution should remain valid under the
charter the International Community and
this Council Bears the responsibility of
implementing international law without
double standards we also stress that
orders of icg should be implemented the
orders related to Israel taking
effective measures to prevent genocide
in Gaza and ensure
the the delivery of necessary
Aid Madam president resolution
2728 recognized the Diplomatic efforts
by katar Egypt and the US my
country attaches great importance to
these efforts which have achieved
tangible results to alleviate the
suffering of people in Gaz and the
hostages on both sides Qatar will not
shy away from continuing its efforts to
ensure all hostages have been released
and international sufficient
humanitarian Aid has been delivered
we call for the need to put an end to
the continued escalation in the West
Bank including Easter Jerusalem the
occupation authorities should stop their
crimes and the violations of Rights of
Palestinian people and the seizure of
their lands as well as the expansion in
the
settlements Madame President Qatar
condemns the systematic Israeli
targeting against Anda and reiterates
that sufficient funding should be
provided to Anda therefore Qatar has
increased its funding by $25 million in
addition to previous
contributions through the arish airport
Qatar has continued to provide thousands
of tons of urgent needs
over 92 planes in addition to the KAC of
22 injured Palestinian people to receive
treatment in
J Madame President the only guarantee to
achieve peace is a seiz fire that leads
to meaningful political talks that
leaded
to comprehensive settlement of the cause
according two International resolutions
and the two State solution that ensures
the establishment of an independent
state of Palestine on the borders of
1967 with Easter Jerusalem as its
capital with the Palestinian people
enjoying all their inable rights and the
enjoyment by the state of Palestine of
its status as a full member to the UN in
this connection the state of Qatar
supports the draft resolution to be
submitted by Algeria the Arab member to
the council that recommend the
acceptance of the State of Palestine as
a full-fledged member to the UN and
calls on other members of the council to
support this request and which is an
important steps that supports the
two-state solution and the sment of the
Palestinian cause thank you madam
president ch